c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\ProgrammingApp.exe
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\ProgrammingApp.pdb
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.BonusSkins.v17.2.dll
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.2.dll
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.2.Core.dll
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.2.Core.dll
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.2.dll
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.2.dll
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.2.dll
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.2.Core.dll
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.2.xml
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.2.xml
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.2.xml
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.2.Core.xml
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.2.xml
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.2.Core.xml
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.2.Core.xml
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\obj\Debug\ProgrammingApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\obj\Debug\ProgrammingApp.MainForm.resources
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\obj\Debug\ProgrammingApp.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\obj\Debug\ProgrammingApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\obj\Debug\ProgrammingApp.exe.licenses
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\obj\Debug\ProgrammingApp.exe
c:\users\woncou\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingApp\ProgrammingApp\obj\Debug\ProgrammingApp.pdb
